With the New Year just more than six hours away, I
must tell you that no matter a full moon, half moon,
quarter moon, or no moon at all, please avoid the
flick "Darkwolf" for many moons to come.  What a joke.
 What a silly, stupid, insult to one's intelligence. 
The script could have been written by my dog
Stan...and even then, I give him the benefit of the
doubt to come up with something much more canine.  

Let's put it this way.  Have you ever seen a film that
contained people that irritated you so much, you
simply didn't give a ^&^%* if they got blown away?  I
was hoping the entire cast got mulched by Mr. Wolf
less that 30 minutes into this loser.  Go "Darkwolf". 
Take a few chucks out of this cast, its director,
producer, writer and editors as quickly as
possible...and don't wait until the next full moon.   

"Darkwolf" is an insult to motion pictures.  More so,
it is an insult to such credible werewolf classics as
"The Wolf Man", "Wolfen" and "The Howling", not to
mention the tongue-in-cheek horror classic "An
American Werewolf in London".  

Need I say more?  "Darkwolf" has no bite.  It's claws
and fangs have been chiselled to oblivion.  The box
claims this flick to be "Half Man.  Half Wolf. Pure
Evil."  In reality it is Half/Whole Stupid. Half/Whole
Worthless.  ...and...Pure ^%&*!  

Get my drift?  At midnight...as we turn another page
and the new year unfolds...I promise you you will
enjoy reruns of every episode of "Mary Hartman, Mary
Hartman", much more than "Darkwolf".  

I'm off to watch yet another New Year's flick before
dawn.  I need to make amends to Lon Chaney, Jr. before
midnight.  

Bottom line, it was a film you didn't really care
"where" the "wolf" came from, or where the werewolf
was going.  Pitiful...embarrassing..."I've seen the
bad moon rising" but this one makes me wish it would
set! 
