First I would like to state that sooner or later every computer
user will come in contact with some problem with an Internet
Security program. They are human made and not 100% fault proof.

I study and work in the IT field and was first introduced to
PC-cillin through Trend Micro's product Housecall. Soon after I
tried out the trial and have finally bought the product. I LOVE
IT!

I have used several of the other "major" anti-virus suites
available and have had tons of problems with them. McAfee after
one uninstall had bedded itself so far into the computer that I
had to completely reformat the PC to gain functionality again.
Norton to say wasn't much better.

If you are installing on a "clean" PC where these other software
suites have not been, I have not had a problem. I have
installed/uninstalled PC-cillin many times each time running
smoothly.

The software has been a valuable asset protecting my PCs by
alerting me to virus threats and even hacking threats that were
not even on my network but on my ISPs network. As well as
protecting my network from one single computer that received a
virus by shutting off traffic to that PC. 

I can understand where some of the other problems reported with
this software may occur if the person a beginning user or just
unfamiliar with the framework of the software. But if you already
have some experience in how to set this type of software up I
really do recommend you give PC-cillin a try. 

It is a sleak program, easy to install, easy to customize, and
really goes above and beyond with alerting you to possible risks
and threats. 

With all its competitors out there I would choose PC-cillin over
the rest any day of the week
